Create consistency in TEST evaluation section based on instructions (#3761)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-TEST-0250.md

## Evaluation

> The test case fails if all of the following are true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test case fails if all of the following applies:
```

- `setJavaScriptEnabled` is explicitly set to `true`.
- `setAllowContentAccess` is explicitly set to `true` or _not used at all_ (inheriting the default value, `true`).
- `setAllowUniversalAccessFromFileURLs` method is explicitly set to `true`.

You should use the list of content providers obtained in the observation step to verify if they handle sensitive data.

!!! note

>  The `setAllowContentAccess` method being set to `true` does not represent a security vulnerability by itself, but it can be used in combination with other vulnerabilities to escalate the impact of an attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `setAllowContentAccess` method being set to `true` does not represent a security vulnerability by itself, but it can be used in combination with other vulnerabilities to escalate the impact of an attack.
```
